Document how to allow duplicate files (#153)
transloadit/uppy.io: docs/uppy-core.mdx

<details>
  <summary>Filter, change, and abort example</summary>

> Allow all files, also duplicate files. This will override the file if it has not

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Allow all files, also duplicate files. This will overwrite the file (clear meta data, reset image editor modifications) if it has not
```

Author: How about this? because replace means _everything_ you could possibly do with uppy files.

```suggestion
Allow all files, also duplicate files. This will replace the file if it has not
```
